More updates to testing documentation (#45528)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-mstest-sdk.md

You don't need anything else to build and run your tests and you can use the same tooling (for example, `dotnet test` or Visual Studio) used by a ["classic" MSTest project](./unit-testing-csharp-with-mstest.md).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > By switching to the `MSTest.Sdk`, you opt in to using the [MSTest runner (enables Microsoft.Testing.Platform for MSTest)](./unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md), including with [dotnet test](./microsoft-testing-platform-integration-dotnet-test.md). That requires modifying your CI and local CLI calls, and also impacts the available entries of the _.runsettings_. You can use `MSTest.Sdk` and still keep the old integrations and tools by instead switching the [runner](#select-the-runner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By switching to the `MSTest.Sdk`, you choose to use the [MSTest runner (enables Microsoft.Testing.Platform for MSTest)](./unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md), including with [dotnet test](./microsoft-testing-platform-integration-dotnet-test.md). To achieve this, you'll need to modify your CI and local CLI calls, which will also affect the available entries in the _.runsettings_. You can continue using `MSTest.Sdk` and maintain the existing integrations and tools by switching the [runner](#select-the-runner).
```

> > In more details, MSTest.Sdk, by default, will set `EnableMSTestRunner` and `TestingPlatformDotnetTestSupport` to true. For more information about dotnet test and its different modes for running Microsoft.Testing.Platform, see [Testing with dotnet test](./unit-testing-with-dotnet-test.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, MSTest.Sdk will enable `EnableMSTestRunner` and `TestingPlatformDotnetTestSupport`. For more details about dotnet test and its different modes for running Microsoft.Testing.Platform, please refer to [Testing with dotnet test](./unit-testing-with-dotnet-test.md).
```

Author: I think most of the docs in this repo uses the "For more information [about ...], see ...".

I'll let @IEvangelist, @gewarren, or @BillWagner decide on the wording.

Reviewer: It's fine. We can keep "For more information [about ...], see ...".

Reviewer 2: Yes, the standard phrase is "For more information about {...], see ...

That consistency helps the localization pipeline.
